[Music]
what a day I barely survived it was 6
p.m. I had to add reviews to go and an
hour left till my date with Leia for
which I was totally unprepared by the
way so I took my work to go
I had a greater mission to pick a movie
scene it seen it no thanks hmm now Leia
would like this sold out no I panicked
and that's when it hit me the solution
had been in my hands all along huh here
we go
Leia loves romantic comedies with 16
whole gigabytes hai had plenty of room
before I knew it we were having our own
private screening at the park my quick
thinking paid off
so did being on call 24/7
I couldn't have done it without my
secret secretary
for some it's lipstick for others a
mirror what's always in my bag on a
Friday night my the perfect Friday night
sidekick of course and we get ready
together to once we're done I round up
the gals hello I'll see you at the club
in 30 minutes
slit bought a sheet cover and we're good
to go
did I mention we match my girl here
knows her way around she can direct any
cab to the hottest club in town once
we're in we do a quick scan not bad oh
and he's got a cute smile
yo malukas got the moves
- he's not camera shy either this is
going on my blog he's too cute to hide
with a sidekick like this Friday nights
are always the blood
you